# Questions Prepared for Meeting Conducted at 14:30 on 07/10/21

## Questions

* What did supervisor think of new plan? (rather than create two new elements, create a src element only and upgrade the existing tcpclientsrc element) - see minutes from meeting.
* The new plan differs slightly from the original project summary listed on the project system. Is this an issue? - Missed this question during the meeting will ask at the next.
* Can we take advantage of QUIC streams when downloading media files from a server. - Yes, various strategies are available taking advantage of QUICs stream functionality
* Can mininet simulate nat rebinding? - No time left to ask this one.

* Would interop matrix be too costly time wise. - Yes it would, this was a misinterpretation on my part. Colin was merely suggesting that I use the existing matrix.